we're going to do a quick be here on how
to convert transient markers to a drum
do you've got a drum track would bleed
all over it
you should think about how to do this
this is the audio track that I recorded
on a on a kick drum what I'm going to do
is go up here and click on this and grab
all your transients it'll change all
that over you might want to zoom in a
little bit so you can see where your
transients are and it looks like all
mine are hitting on the kicks no other
bleed has a transient it looks like but
if you need to adjust that just hit a it
will bring up your audio train audio
snap palette click on the clip you know
lighten up you should see this threshold
lighten up where you can address adjust
that setting that grab the transients
you want markers on if you end up with
them transient markers on a hit that you
don't want you can just right click on
it I'll take it off of there it disabled
if you need to add one do the same thing
in Reverse once you got that hit a again
bring your audio palette back up there
that's right here is your copy is MIDI
click on that and come up and hit insert
soft synth I use sesang drummer well
insert audio or MIDI track then select a
drum kit you like if you have a
particular one in mind
I like the Steven slate white kits now
you can close that out then just come
down here on your MIDI track find the
beginning of the audio track that you
copied so you kind of got a starting
point it'll drop it somewhere in there
right-click on it edit
tastehh close this out put on my aim
assist like tell where I am
zoom way in on it just slide my MIDI
track around the lineup with that and
then everything should be ready to go I
like to assign in your notes you can
come down here and double-click on your
MIDI track and it will bring up that
session drummer
PRV where everything is sitting at right
now I think by default it assigns it to
the kick the bass drum let me minimize
this and bring it in where you guys can
see it I'm using dual monitors so it's
kind of dropping things where it wants
okay there we go now this is that track
I'm going to zoom way out where it all
fits in and if you do this for a snare
hi-hat or anything else
you want to change you can see here it's
it automatically assigns it by default
to the to the bass drum you can
highlight that whole thing left click
and select and just drag your mouse
across it it will select all those notes
and you can drag them up and down to
whatever whatever that instrument you
want to assign to
now that I moved on
so anyway that's the basics of
converting an audio track to a MIDI
track and a hurry I'm not sure if you
guys can hear this on there or not this
is the original track recorded sounds
terrible a lot bleed and then this is
the drum track I put in so I've got some
stuff to deal with on there anyway
that's how you that's how you make a
MIDI track of an audio track for a kick
drum or a snare drum or whatever you
want to do good luck